bpo-13337: Add ignore flag to doctest (#23547)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-11-29-00-38-32.bpo-13337.rSk6U7.rst

> Adds an `ignore_case` flag to the `doctest` library.

Reviewer: This is reStructuredText, not Markdown.

```suggestion
Adds the :const:`~doctest.IGNORE_CASE` flag to the :mod:`doctest` module.
```
